README.md, before:

## react-native-magic-list

animate for FlatList items.

* [中文文档](./docs/README_CN.md)

## 1. Examples

<p align="center">
  <img src="./res/demo.gif" width=375/>
</p>

## 2. Basic Usage

how to use react-native-magic-list?:

```bash
npm install react-native-magic-list --save
```

example for how to use in Demo:

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import { View } from 'react-native';
import { MagicFlatList } from 'react-native-magic-list';

const mockedData = Array(10).fill(1);

export class Demo extends React.Component {
	render() {
		return (
			<MagicFlatList
				data={mockedData}
				animateType='floatFromBottom'
				renderItem={() => (
					<View style={{ width: 100, height: 100, backgroundColor: 'red' }} />
				)}
			/>
		);
	}
}
```

- props：

| key                | description                  | type            | default           |
| ------------------ | ---------------------------- | --------------- | ----------------- |
| renderItem         | Rendering component          | function        | () => void        |
| delay              | each item's delay            | number          | 200               |
| animateType        | Entry animation type         | array or string | 'floatFromBottom' |
| touchAnimateType   | Touch the animation          | string          | 'scale'           |
| FlatList.propTypes | Inherit FlatList's propTypes | any             | null              |

- Supported animation types

```javascript
// base
'floatFromBottomBig';
'floatFromBottom';
'floatFromTop';
'floatFromLeft';
'floatFromRight';
'scale';
'opacity';

// mixin
'fadeIn';
'fadeInDown';
'fadeInLeft';
'fadeInRight';
'fadeInUp';
'slideInUp';
'slideInDown';
'slideInLeft';
'slideInRight';
'zoomIn';
'zoomDownIn';
'zoomUpIn';
'zoomInRight';
'zoomInLeft';
```

When you need to use the entrance animation you can choose the following two
ways: animateType="floatFromBottom" or animateType=["floatFromBottom",
'"floatFromLeft"], But if you use a hybrid animation, only the top one will
work, and the rest of the base animations won't work.

Commit message:

feat: add example and resolution of the module

README.md, after:

## react-native-magic-list

animate for FlatList items.

* [中文文档](./docs/README_CN.md)
* [Example](./example)

## 1. Examples

<p align="center">
  <img src="./res/demo.gif" width=375/>
</p>

## 2. Basic Usage

how to use react-native-magic-list?:

```bash
npm install react-native-magic-list --save
```

example for how to use in Demo:

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import { View } from 'react-native';
import { MagicFlatList } from 'react-native-magic-list';

const mockedData = Array(10).fill(1);

export class Demo extends React.Component {
	render() {
		return (
			<MagicFlatList
				data={mockedData}
				animateType='floatFromBottom'
				renderItem={() => (
					<View style={{ width: 100, height: 100, backgroundColor: 'red' }} />
				)}
			/>
		);
	}
}
```

- props：

| key                | description                  | type            | default           |
| ------------------ | ---------------------------- | --------------- | ----------------- |
| renderItem         | Rendering component          | function        | () => void        |
| delay              | each item's delay            | number          | 200               |
| animateType        | Entry animation type         | array or string | 'floatFromBottom' |
| FlatList.propTypes | Inherit FlatList's propTypes | any             | null              |

- Supported animation types

```javascript
// base
'floatFromBottomBig';
'floatFromBottom';
'floatFromTop';
'floatFromLeft';
'floatFromRight';
'scale';
'opacity';

// mixin
'fadeIn';
'fadeInDown';
'fadeInLeft';
'fadeInRight';
'fadeInUp';
'slideInUp';
'slideInDown';
'slideInLeft';
'slideInRight';
'zoomIn';
'zoomDownIn';
'zoomUpIn';
'zoomInRight';
'zoomInLeft';
```

When you need to use the entrance animation you can choose the following two
ways: animateType="floatFromBottom" or animateType=["floatFromBottom",
'"floatFromLeft"], But if you use a hybrid animation, only the top one will
work, and the rest of the base animations won't work.

sorry, now touchAnimateType is not going to work, we will fix it as soon.
